- Fuck around and find out.
Show 'em what you mean. bro.
Get the fuck in there. Get in there.
Sit the fuck down. Taylor. Sit down.
Keep your fucking hands down.
Fucking. you messing about again. Taylor?
I'll cut someone's fucking throat
for less than that. mate.
Which one of you took it?
- What?
- Which one of you fucking took it?
Who took the pills?
- Talk!
- Who took the fucking pills?
- I wouldn't steal from you. would I?
- I buy from you. I buy from you.
Why would I take? I buy from you.
- One of yous is a fucking rat.
- He's a fucking rat.
He's been offering them out. Ask Cil.
Ask fucking Cil?
Why didn't you fucking say that. then?
- Get Cil in here.
- Cil!
- Get Cil.
- This is serious.
Cil!
One of yous is getting proper
fucked up. you know that?
Proper fucked up.
If that's you. mate. I'm going
to stick you in the fucking ground. lad.
I got him. I got him!
- Come on. don't film me.
- Who took the Sub?
- Who took the fucking Sub. Cil?
- Cil. don't fuck about. come on.
I'll fuck him up! I'll fuck you up!
Get out the way! Get out the way!
Shit.
You. mate.
you're a fucking psycho. aren't you?
The fuck are you doing?
Fucking TV. mate.
Hey. listen. just because
you're the oldest in here...
Them little hairs get everywhere.
Just make sure it's tight
at the back there. mate.
Got court in the morning.
- Are you sure about that trim?
- Yeah.
Fuck 'em.
Oh. come on. What do you want?
Sort us out with a gram?
Aren't you friends
with that dickhead?
Eh?
- The one with a TV for his head.
- Not me.
Okay. Canteen. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Good.
Fuck off. then.
You got mine. then. or what?
What'd you fucking say? Or what?
- Oh. would you listen to this cunt?
- Rude that. ain't it?
Sort us a couple more.
You didn't cut all of his hair. did you?
Is "bollock" one "L" or two?
- Two.
- One.
- This looks fucking smart. this. lad.
- You look like a bollock. with one "L".
...in a wonderful bid this morning.
How are you feeling about it?
You know what?
I actually feel quite worried.
I was feeling confident.
but now I'm like. "Oh. no."
I'm starting to get a bit nervous...
Open up.
Morning.
You're requested.
- I ain't done anything.
- Chop. chop.
Any additional
substance abuse issues since 2015?
No.
Any attempts to self-harm?
Of course not. What's going on?
If you complete
this reintegration programme
at grade two or above.
you'll be eligible for early parole.
- I'm getting out?
- On licence.
Everything's in here.
You have to fill it out as you go.
All decisions are final and unappealable.
What you need to do is
start visualising your life outside.
But why?
Sentences like yours
are being reviewed nationwide
to take some pressure off the service.
Of course. this is all dependent
on continued good behaviour.
Do you feel ready to be released?
On a scale of one to 10?
I don't know... maybe a seven.
Or eight. Put... put eight.
It's really easy.
All you have to do is fill out
the worksheet and stay out of trouble.
Yo.
Yo!
The number you are trying to reach
is no longer in operation.
♪ Oh. the good life
♪ Full of fun. seems to be the ideal
♪ Lets you hide
all the sadness you feel... ♪
Shut up!
Shut the fuck up.
You like that. yeah?
Fucking entertainment's arrived. bruv.
Opening up on one.
♪ Don't try to fake romance... ♪
You got a new cellmate.
- Get my shit in here.
- It's not here yet.
- Yeah. when's it gonna be here?
- We're three staff down.
You'll get it when it arrives.
Two days in segment.
no shower. no nothing.
And you lot can't even
get my shit on time.
You might run riot
in Aylesbury. but here...
I'm not running riot...
- You'll get it. man.
- Your pals over there take the piss.
I want the rest. yeah?
Suck your mum.
Where's the showers?
Down to the left.
- Wagwan. you man buying tuna?
- Yes. yes.
- What you want for it?
- Oh. just canteen. innit?
You sure you don't want no spice?
I got other shit coming as well.
Nah. man.
Boys down the hall got me covered.
All right. fucking hell.
suit yourself. Get out.
Junkies gonna be lined up
for my shit in no time. watch.
This game's fucking rigged.
Mmm.
- You want some?
- No. I'm good.
You buying deodorant?
I fucking know you!
I fucking know you.
you're Beech Green. innit.
- I'm not with them.
- Don't fucking lie to me!
- Don't fucking lie to me. you cunt!
- I swear down. bruv!
You fucking come around
back here again. yeah.
I will fucking cut your eyes open.
Tell your boy Richie as well. yeah?
Get the fuck out my fucking yard.
The fuck is he thinking.
coming around here?
Any more of them around here?
- Who?
- Beech Green.
You're from there. though. aren't you?
Who said that?
Fucking screw who looks like a crackhead.
They're knocking it down. you know.
- Swear down?
- Yeah. most of them are gone.
Got no papers. Skin it up?
- No. just... just give 'em back.
- What. you don't smoke?
Yes. this one's a fucking banger!
That's fucking sad. Here.
- No thanks.
- Come on.
Can't watch you do that no more.
- Cheers.
- All right.
Need those teeth clean
for when you suck me off later.
- Eediat.
- What did you say?
Nothing.
Do you understand? Do ya?
♪ With no release date
Cat-e-gory A. it's a real long stay
♪ Fed got us rotting on a wing
Devil Wears Prada. I got it on my skin ♪
Oh. there he is.
Who is it? It's the fucking Spice Boys.
You know them little young youths.
innit? They think that...
They want to be the guy. innit. but...
No. Freddie.
it was 10 quid. like 15 years ago.
I don't know what I can do.
mate. how can I help you?
I need Becca's number.
I'm her... I'm her kid's dad.
- 4-3-7-5...
- Fucker.
Hello?
- Becs.
- How'd you get this number?
I told you I don't want to talk to you.
How you been?
What do you want?
I heard they're knocking down the Towers.
What do you want. Taylor?
- I really don't have time for this.
- I just... I just need a second.
Listen. I might be getting out soon.
And I want to come see Adam.
He doesn't know you.
Last time he came to see you.
you were totally off your head.
What are you saying?
I'm saying you can't even
look after yourself.
What are you going to do
for a 14-year-old boy?
- Stay out of our lives.
- I want to see him.
- I've heard it all before. Taylor.
- Becs!
No. Taylor. Don't call again.
Paying canteen. yeah?
So my cellmate's a smackhead. is he?
It's not smack.
Subutex. innit?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Same shit. bruv.
Synthetic heroin.
They make that shit for smackheads.
Can OD much easier off that than all.
I know what I want.
I'm gonna fucking blow your mind.
Woooooo!
Furthermore. free up the madmen
in the jailhouse. fresh home.
You know the thing. G. Listen!
He's off his head. isn't he?
That's my fucking boy.
You ask him anything. it's fucking done.
In fact. I might get him to go over
there and sort your missus out.
She ain't been my woman for years. man.
Never liked what I was about.
Honestly. man.
you should just fucking cut her out.
Go all the way around her.
straight to Adam.
Will you get me a phone?
This. yeah?
I will let you borrow this. yeah?
You can borrow it.
My personal thing.
But if you lose it.
you break it. you fucking pay.
I've battered people for less.
- All right.
- All right?
What are you doing? You sending dick pics?
Shit. I think I found him.
Is that him?
It must be.
You should shoot him a message.
Go on.
Give me a minute. will ya?
Pussy.
What the fuck is this?
Open the fucking door!
Wrong cell.
You got the wrong cell.
Go away. Go away!
Fuck... You're gonna get me
into fucking trouble. man.
Fuck!
Yes. Come on. get in.
Come on. man.
Mmm! Mate. fucking smell that.
They call this Skittlez
because it tastes like the sweet.
- We're stinking out the cell.
- Yo. man. you need to relax.
You fucking messing with my zen.
Keep it up and we'll have a problem.
Yo. these... these will fit anywhere.
Come on. man.
I can't have all that shit in here.
Fucking hell. man.
These lazy cunts don't know
how to search a cell. Are you mad?
They ain't got no fucking clue. yeah?
Here. take a fucking chill pill.
I'm gonna boss this place. man.
I'm gonna boss it like I bossed Aylesbury.
I had POs walking my shit in. yeah?
Yeah. well. I ain't seen anything. yeah?
Good.
This fucking guy. Nitty.
Yes. bruv. we are open for business.
♪ Oh. my gosh
Welcome to science. bruv.
You want to get your phone
in the next prison. yeah?
This is how you do it.
♪ Hold it down. hold it down
♪ Oh. my gosh... ♪
Nice. bless.
I'll give you a call later. man.
Here you go.
- Oh. fuck.
- Ah.
Is there a fucking party
going on down there or what?
Hand over your eyes. man.
All right. wakey-wakey.
Oh. shit!
Oh. man.
- Oh. man!
- Get the fuck out.
You fucked it again. man. Fuck!
Bruv. they'll find out.
Huff. huff. huff. huff. huff. huff!
You don't need to pussy out. you're good.
Have you sold anything this week?
Amid struggles with overcrowding.
ministers are discussing
whether to implement a controversial...
Fuck.
Yeah. what's up?
Nah. man. who's this?
Huh?
Oh. fuck.
It's your boy.
Oh.
- Yo.
- Oh. OK. OK. OK.
Erm...
Er...
Hello?
- Adam?
- Yeah. Is that you?
Yeah.
Yeah. it's... it's me. It's Dad.
How... how's it going?
It's so good to hear your voice.
- You there?
- I wasn't sure if it was someone
at school trying to wind me up.
No.
No. so what are you saying anyway?
You... you going out tonight?
- Nah. it's a school night.
- Oi. Ask him about gymnastics.
You... you're not doing gymnastics. or...
Nah.
Oh. yeah.
Long time since I was at school. Erm...
So listen.
I... I was thinking that maybe...
- Anyway. I gotta go.
- Oh. yeah. OK. all right. Yep.
Fuck.
I was lucky. to be honest.
- So. what they actually do you for. then?
- Just holding the thing.
I. er... I told 'em
I didn't even know it was a gun.
Just paid the courier.
Still got me for five years.
So. who'd you do?
What?
Manslaughter. innit?
You do some old lady for your smack money?
- Oh. fuck off.
- Oi.
Sorry. but... it weren't like that.
Look. before I came in here.
yeah. I did a...
Did a few pills. spun a few zoots.
maybe a couple of lines.
but I weren't like this.
What was it. then?
It's dumb shit. bro.
Anyway. erm... I had this pill connect.
So cheap. but it did the job.
I'd sell 'em at these raves. and. erm...
One day I got these other pills.
strong as fuck.
Everyone's on them.
gurning their faces off. erm. but...
These two boys...
start sweating so much.
Never seen anything like it.
Soaked right through. and...
That was it.
They just fucking died.
Right there in the fucking car park.
- I've been in 13 years.
- Thirteen years?
Thirteen years? Fucking hell. man.
Are you IPP or summat?
No. Adam...
Adam was just a baby then.
so I guess I was trying to...
get money to provide for him.
but I fucked it.
The boy...
The boy who died was... was in school.
which is why Becca and everyone
thinks I'm a piece of shit.
But you know what?
Why wouldn't they?
I don't know.
I just want to see my boy again.
You should send him a present.
I don't even know
where they fucking live.
Come on. man.
Just give me their names.
- For real?
- For real.
I got you.
OK. so what about you?
You got anyone on the outside. or...
Used to be.
Not no more.
Yeah?
OK. what happened?
Let me get this stuff.
Pause it.
Been a bit quiet. aren't you? Oh. yeah.
Who else is serving up?
Well. that gobby cunt
who you just moved in with?
- Who's his people?
- Why would I know?
I barely speak to him. It's his business.
Well. you bang up with him all day.
you don't even talk? Boring one. you.
It's just how it is.
Still. this is it.
Safe.
Oh. yeah. man.
I know. that fucking screw's face
almost fell off when you hit him.
No. he went red
like a beetroot. innit?
Yeah. man.
I know. fam. you're fucking mad.
We just gotta get you on this wing. innit.
Smash your cell up.
Oh. shit. mate. look at this. Oi. T.
Fucking come and look at this. mate.
This is too easy. mate.
Look at these fucking low-lifes. man.
These fucking guys.
Oi! Move your fucking legs!
Faster. yeah? Get it done!
You see that shit. mate?
That's how you fucking do it.
Dee. Dee. listen...
Yeah. yeah. man.
I'll speak to you later. Bye.
Swear to God. it didn't stink
like that before you went in there.
Fucking hell.
Is this your first time
doing this or what?
Dee. Dee.
What you rifling about for. big boy?
You fucking hungry?
You not eaten today? Fucking get a slap.
Who's getting a slap?
I haven't got time for your nonsense.
Er... Boss. come take a look.
Oi.
What's this?
I don't fucking know.
Taylor?
What are you asking him for?
I said we don't know.
Could be fucking anyone's. man.
See you lot prescribing that shit anyway.
Otherwise it wouldn't even be in here.
- Well. I'm gonna have to write this up.
- Oh. yeah?
What are you gonna write. big man?
That you found a bit of plastic?
And who you gonna write up. me or him?
Have you got time to write this up?
I've got three wings.
Yes. yes. Three points. Basketball star.
- Stop fucking about...
- "Stop fucking about"?
Man. fuck you.
Careful.
I don't need to be careful.
You be fucking careful.
Cell search!
I'm sorry. bro.
Why the fuck are you leaving
empties around the cell?
Are you dumb?
- I don't know. I was gonna get rid of...
- Stop fucking yapping. man.
You almost fucked up my whole thing.
You wanna play nitty. yeah?
You get it from me. not that man up there.
Not getting done for their shit.
- I'm sorry.
- Don't fucking say sorry.
I don't give a fuck about hearing "sorry".
Just don't do it again. yeah?
Oi. T-man. Got some news about your boy.
Listen. you're Adam. yeah?
Got something from your dad. Hold it.
What you think of them? You like them?
- Thanks. man.
- It's all good. man.
- What do I owe you?
- Nothing.
All right. let's go rattle some dickheads.
Oi!
You letting us out or what?
It's fucking five past.
Open on one.
Get the fuck back inside!
Get someone. Get the fuck off me!
Fucking stay there.
Oh. fuck!
Fuck!
Ah. fuck.
Where's our fucking stash. lad? Eh?
Where's the stash?
Ahh!
Fucking cunt.
- Come here!
- Ahhh!
Last fucking chance. bruv.
Where's that stash?
You pussy.
Where's the fucking...
Hey. where the fuck is it?
Where is it?
Fuck you.
Fucking soldier. in' he?
Where is it?
- Eh?
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
- No. man. I don't know.
Are you fucking with me?
- No.
- While this cunt's in here all day
selling all sorts.
- and you don't know nothing about it?
- No. man.
Yes. you fucking do.
you junkie little fuck!
- Fucking cut him.
- Fuck!
Don't fucking lie to me.
you slippery little smackhead.
The next time.
it's just gonna come off you.
cos you're not fucking listening. are you?
Where the fuck is it?
- Where the fuck is it?
- The panel.
Panel.
Ugh. I can't get my fingers in.
- You what?
- I can't get my fucking fingers in.
Fucking move. you fanny.
I thought you didn't know.
Eh?
Why'd you fucking lie to us?
Thanks. Dee. Thanks. mate.
Oh. fuck. He's not gonna stay here now.
Look at that. eh?
Some fucking noodles as well. ya cunt.
Whoo! Eat it up.
I thought we were good?
- Yeah. we are.
- Yeah. we are?
- Yeah. man.
- Yeah?
All right. then.
Well. let's fuck him up. Come on.
Get the fuck over there.
Let's fuck him up. Come on. then.
Give him a fucking pop.
- Give him a fucking pop. mate.
- Go on.
- Give him a fucking whack.
- He's already done.
- Come on. mate.
- Fucking hit him!
- Go on!
- Come on.
Fuck was that?
Put your fucking back into it. mate.
You know...
you are this close to getting out of here.
And if you're not careful.
you're going to mess it all up.
All right. hold that here.
I'll be back in five.
Hey.
I can't see you.
I got to be careful with this phone.
OK.
You like the trainers?
Eh. yeah. they're great.
I just called to say thanks.
Yeah. no. I wanted to...
I wanted to do something for you.
Nothing major.
Did he send you the video?
Yeah. I... I wanted to see your face.
When do you get out?
Friday. next week.
We can meet out somewhere if you want.
Yeah. OK.
Look. look. listen up.
I'm sorry. but I gotta go in a sec.
Oh. OK.
I'm... I'm gonna...
I'm gonna get a job.
I'm gonna cut hair. look after you a bit.
You can give me
a free haircut and all.
Yeah. of course.
All right. I'll see you later. yeah?
D'you see that video. boss? You're mad.
Done a number on him.
Where is he?
He's up in hospital. you fucking loons.
I'm out.
Ah. fuck's sake. T.
Lucky little maggot.
They took the fryer. Took everything.
Yeah. I got eyes.
Eh. give me something to smoke.
I'm out.
Can ask around.
I've got your phone.
Good to see you.
- Really?
- Yeah. bro.
Make yourself comfy. bro.
Thank you very much.
I might have to grab
one of these. you know.
Help yourself. we got plenty.
- Want me to open up the window. bro?
- No. man. fuck them.
Fuck 'em all.
Hmm.
I'm telling you. yeah.
as soon as I'm right.
I'm gonna work on that man up there.
Trust me.
I hear you.
You gotta be smart. you know. bro?
Oh. fuck that. Fuck that.
First chance I get.
I'm gonna end them.
All of them.
Oi.
Oh. shit. My bad. My bad.
What the fuck?
Stay there. yeah? Take the beating!
- What the fuck?
- Fuck off. man. don't look at me.
Just take it. yeah? Hold it.
Take the fucking beating!
Fuck.
You just fucking stood there.
Did nothing.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know what to do.
Dee?
Can I clean myself up?
Fuck.
You're gonna make it up to me.
So how do you feel
about joining the outside world?
And your support network? Do you have one?
You've not written down where
you'll be staying on your first night.
I'm sorting it.
Everything's fine. I'm ready.
There's a new rehab place
with spaces in Hastings.
Why would I want to be locked up longer?
This sort of thing doesn't come up often.
Just take the leaflets.
And you keep it in there.
Get up. shove it down there. walk.
Get a fucking move on!
Listen. only one got through.
- One?
- You taking the piss. bruv?
Come on. How's that my fault?
What do you mean. how's it your fault?
You had to get it. bro.
Come on. man.
Unplug that now. No jokes.
I don't want to get involved in all this.
You are involved.
You got my drugs up your arse.
Your drugs? Big man. are you mad?
Listen here. fuck off back to your cell.
- Get the fuck...
- No one's going nowhere.
Hold on.
Take them out your arse now
or you'll get jibbed.
Give us the fucking shit.
Oi. you there!
Fuck off. bro! Fuck that!
Anybody else want some. you fucking cunts?
♪ Oh. the good life
♪ To be free and explore the unknown... ♪
Chat now. Chat now.
I'll lick off ya head next time.
Put it down!
- Get back!
Get down!
You fucking cunts!
- Get back!
- Come on here. you cunts!
- Stay down!
- Get down! Put them down!
- Get back!
- Stay down!
Put that down!
Until we have the staff
to ensure the safety
of prisoners and staff.
D Wing will be on lockdown.
Recreation will be reduced to one hour
a day. from 5:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.
All courses are suspended.
Open up!
This has
fuck all to do with us.
Only on D Wing five days.
Out here moving man again.
Listen. the album tour continues. yeah?
We got all the man them on the wings.
you get me?
This is for anyone
who wants to make a bit of dough.
I'm sick of that cunt Dee.
We're putting 10 bags on his head.
You chop him up.
proper fucking do him right.
And you got 10 bags and done.
Get that fucking rat.
Get the fucking cheese.
We're putting 10 bags on his head.
You chop him up.
proper fucking do him right.
And you got 10 bags and done.
- Get that fucking rat.
- Open on one.
Get the fucking cheese.
Yo. Taylor!
Come here. lad.
Come here.
Need a little haircut.
You going to sort me out?
When?
Thursday. Can do Paul and all.
Good lad.
You all right?
I'm gonna need a big fucking knife.
Fuck all these toothbrushes.
Cut right through them.
You're gonna get it
from the kitchen tomorrow.
Yeah?
Let's keep the pace with me
a little bit more. boys. All right?
All right. chef!
Need to get this out
before service.
Otherwise. you boys aren't eating.
- Come on. mate.
- Fucking hit him!
Come on.
All right. lads.
Lovely.
Come on. chop. chop.
That's me. That's me.
I'm... I'm out now. I'm done.
That was too much.
You hurt my feelings
with all that. you know?
What?
I saw the way
you was looking at me before.
Like I'm some fucking prick
you can just take a piss on.
I didn't do all that.
They made me get involved.
Yeah.
That's why you're gonna do this.
- Do what?
- When you cut their hair.
No.
No. no. No way.
- Why would I?
- I just told you why.
You're mad.
I'm not built like that.
I meant to be getting out. man.
I'll be fucked.
Just think of your boy. man.
Just saying. I know what he looks like.
I know where he lives.
Be kind of easy for him
to have a little accident.
Come on. man. I thought we were good.
- You think I'd let your shit go?
- Why?
What... But why do you
even need to do this?
Cos what else have I got?
You want to play daddy. yeah?
- Mmm.
- You do this.
Come on. man. Please.
You tell anyone. you try anything.
you try to get taken off the wing.
I'll have someone to his yard
in 10 fucking minutes. I'll cut him up.
I'm serious.
You hear me?
Boys. I'm moving about.
If you need anything.
just shout me. Right. lads?
And I can bring it to you.
Fucking hell. are you all right. T?
I think I'm coming down with something.
- Hello?
- Hello. mate.
You doing all right?
I'm okay. Everything all right with you?
You need something?
No. no.
Just checking to see if you're good.
- Just out fishing.
- No way. Where?
- Not down Dale resy?
- Yeah. that's it.
No way. I used to fish there all the time.
- Really?
- Yeah!
- What line are you using?
- Just one from the market.
Only a couple more days before you're out.
How you feeling? Are you excited?
A hundred percent.
Can't think of anything else.
- Are you still there?
- Yeah. yeah. Sorry. Sorry.
- What bait are you using?
- Nothing special.
How's the head?
It's still pretty bad.
It's not as bad as the TV.
Can you get me a fix?
I can pay.
I'm out.
Real money. Real money if you need it.
Don't bottle it. T.
You got too much to lose now.
Yeah.
Association's
only half an hour today.
but should be plenty of time
to get it done.
Fucking state of you.
I'm good.
Oi.
Both of them. yeah? Eyes. throat. liver.
Stick in and twist.
I guess if the first one
goes down straightaway. then...
- It's easier.
- Exactly. mate.
Fucking cunts. mate.
Think they can fuck with us.
Fucking prick.
Well. there it is.
Fuck them.
- Stop all that.
- It's not clean.
The tea's going to taste all fucked.
I don't give a fuck
about the tea. man!
You've got to get it
together. yeah? Breathe.
- Get your fucking head in it.
- Yeah. yeah.
Where are you going now?
You plan on doing this
with your bare hands?
Where's Paul?
He'll be back in a bit.
Look. come in.
Come and do a bit of. erm...
Just the little ones on me neck.
Pissing me off.
Hey. I heard you was getting out.
Who said that?
You fucking lucky bastard.
What are you gonna do first. then?
Shag some birds?
Sniff a load of gear?
- I'm gonna see my boy.
- Fuck off. You've got a kid!
Have you?
Fucking poor bastard.
How old is he?
Fourteen.
I just had one before I come in.
you know.
Little lad.
- Mate.
- No. man. not now.
- No. come on. Mate.
- I said not now. Move on.
- Yeah. later.
- All right. all right.
Fucking hell. you look like shit.
He's got a kid. you know that?
Clean up first.
What's wrong with you?
Don't know.
You better not fuck up me hair.
Just... Just need some air.
Watch it. dickhead.
Fucking hell. Hurry up.
They're gonna lock us in...
The fuck is wrong with you?
Yeah?
What was the name of your boy again?
The lad?
Little Gary. Little Gary Junior.
- Oh. yeah. that's good.
- Yeah.
- That's nice.
- Yeah. it's original. innit?
Go on. then. fuck off.
Go and sweat your arse off somewhere else.
And toss those on your way out.
Hey. what the fuck is wrong with you?
He's coming off.
He's cold turkey.
Ah...
Cleaning up before you go?
Yeah. something like that.
Hey.
Good luck with it. lad.
Look after yourself.
Taylor. get in your cell!
Too slow. Come on.
It's your last day. isn't it?
Yeah.
Get through the first week. go from there.
All right. enough. Get in your cell.
Oh. come on. Kadir!
What'd you put in that food?
Everything I had.
You're a fucking dead man!
Your boy's dead.
I die...
They'll have you...
Overdose.
Yo! Get someone here. he's fucking OD'd!
Taylor. With me.
We're at the gate. Trev.
Copy.
Waiting for the light to go off.